[doc] Add EaseProbe deployment guide (#274)
megaease/easeprobe: docs/Deployment.md

sudo systemctl disable easeprobe.service
sudo rm /etc/systemd/system/easeprobe.service
```

## 3. Docker Deployment

Prepare a configuration file and a data file - `config.yaml`

```yaml
http:
  - name: Google
    url: https://www.google.com

notify:
  slack:
    - name: "Slack"
      webhook: "https://hooks.slack.com/services/XXXX/BBBB/...."

settings:
  sla:
    schedule: daily
    time: 10:00:01+08:00
```

You can run the EaseProbe by the following command.

```bash
docker run -d --name easeprobe \
  -p 8181:8181 \
  -v /path/to/config.yaml:/opt/config.yaml \
  -v /path/to/data:/opt/data \
  megaease/easeprobe:latest
```

Note:
 - `-p` option is used to expose the HTTP port of EaseProbe.
 - `-v` option is used to mount the configuration file and data file to the container.
   -  `/opt/config.yaml` is the configuration file default path in the container.
   -  `/opt/data/` is the data file default directory in the container.

## 4. Kubernetes Deployment

Because EaseProbe needs to persist data,  we have to deploy the EaseProbe as Stateful-Set in Kubernetes, this would lead a bit complex deployment process.

1. Creating the ConfigMap for EaseProbe `config.yaml`

> 2. creating a PV/PVC for EaseProbe SLA data persistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Creating a PV/PVC for EaseProbe SLA data persistent.
```

    requests:
      storage: 1Gi
  storageClassName: easeprobe-storage
  volumeMode: Filesystem
  volumeName: easeprobe-storage-nfs
status:
  accessModes:
  - ReadWriteMany
  capacity:
    storage: 10Gi
```

### 4.3 Deploy EaseProbe

This is the deployment file for EaseProbe.

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: easeprobe
  namespace: default
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: easeprobe
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: easeprobe
        image: megaease/easeprobe
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8181

      volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: /opt/config.yaml
          name: configmap-volume-0
          subPath: config.yaml
        - mountPath: /opt/data
          name: pvc-volume-easeprobe-pvc

     volumes:
      - configMap:
        name: configmap-volume-0
          name: easeprobe
          items:
          - key: config.yaml
            path: config.yaml
      - name: pvc-volume-easeprobe-pvc
        persistentVolumeClaim:
          claimName: easeprobe-pvc
```

> Note:
>
>  - The `configmap-volume-0` is the ConfigMap for `config.yaml`, which mount to `/opt/config.yaml` in the container.

> >  - The `pvc-volume-easeprobe-pvc` is the PVC for SLA data persistent, which mount to `/opt/data` in the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>  - The `pvc-volume-easeprobe-pvc` is the PVC for SLA data persistent, which is mounted as a volume under `/opt/data` in the container.
```

Same here
